KubeCon EU 2025: Add a ContribFest page (to be merged if we get accepted) (#1612)
cert-manager/website: content/announcements/2024-12-10-contribfest-kubecon-eu-2025.md

---
slug: contribfest-kubecon-eu-2025
title: Join Us for ContribFest at KubeCon EU 2025 in London!
description: The cert-manager maintainers are hosting a ContribFest event on 2nd April, 2025, and you are invited!

> date: "2024-12-10T09:00:00Z"

Reviewer: suggestion: might be worth updating this date (and the date in the filename)?

Author: Done, thanks.

- **[#6695](https://github.com/cert-manager/cert-manager/issues/6695)**: Update the Helm chart’s READMEs to mention usage in K3d clusters.
- **[#6622](https://github.com/cert-manager/cert-manager/issues/6622)**: Improve logging clarity in ACME challenge solver.
- **[#6732](https://github.com/cert-manager/cert-manager/issues/6732)**: Add a missing comment or doc string for a function in the E2E tests.
- **[#5925](https://github.com/cert-manager/cert-manager/issues/5925)**: Use `readOnlyRootFilesystem: true` for all containers.
- **[#5514](https://github.com/cert-manager/cert-manager/issues/5514)**: Venafi Issuer to read `caBundle` from ConfigMap or Secret.
- **[#2943](https://github.com/cert-manager/cert-manager/issues/2943)**: Allow configuration of the keystore file name.
- **[#1686](https://github.com/cert-manager/cert-manager/issues/1686)**: Support for Microsoft Active Directory Certificate Services.
- **[#2744](https://github.com/cert-manager/cert-manager/issues/2744)**: Documenting resolution for DigitalOcean and HTTP01 "connection timed out" error.
- **[#2888](https://github.com/cert-manager/cert-manager/issues/2888)**: Allow configuration of `MaxConcurrentChallenges`.

> - **[#1520](https://github.com/cert-manager/cert-manager/issues/1520)**: Ingress-shim: Skip updating Certificate resource if one already exists.

Author: This is a dump of the first good issues we have at the moment in cert-manager/cert-manager.

They might not be super interesting... If we get accepted, let's work further on curating "actually good" first issues :D

## How to Prepare

To make the most of the event, here are a few tips:

- Familiarize yourself with the cert-manager project by exploring our [GitHub repository](https://github.com/cert-manager/cert-manager).
- Read our [Contributor Guide](https://cert-manager.io/docs/contributing/) to understand the basics of contributing to cert-manager.
- Join our community on the [Kubernetes Slack](https://slack.k8s.io/) in the `#cert-manager-dev` channel to ask questions and connect with the team.
- Don't forget your laptop!

## Join Us!

> If you're in London, you can join us for ContribFest on Wednesday, April 2nd, **(details TBD)**.

Reviewer: question: still TBD?

Author: Done, thanks.

We’re looking forward to seeing you at KubeCon EU 2025 in London! Together, we’ll make cert-manager even better while fostering a stronger open-source community.

**See you at ContribFest!**

> Stay connected by following us on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/cert_manager), joining the channels `#cert-manager` and `#cert-manager-dev` on the [Kubernetes Slack](https://slack.k8s.io/), and exploring our [Contributor Guide](https://cert-manager.io/docs/contributing/).

Reviewer: suggestion: Twitter handle looks incorrect, and I'd vote we should link to our slack guide directly rather than repeating it here.

```suggestion
Stay connected by following us on [BlueSky](https://bsky.app/profile/cert-manager.bsky.social), [Mastodon](https://infosec.exchange/@CertManager), [Twitter](https://twitter.com/certmanager), joining us [on Slack](https://cert-manager.io/docs/contributing/#slack), and exploring our [Contributor Guide](https://cert-manager.io/docs/contributing/).
```
